docs/README.md, before:

# ![](./img/logo.png)

![Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/david/cmd430/stash.red.svg)
![GPL Licence](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/gpl/gpl.png?v=103)

stash.red is a Small footprint File host (Specificly for Image/Video and Audio files) It contains:
 - Simple Authentication using Auth key
 - Disable Authentication to allow anonymous uploads
 - Simple Album and Single file support
 - User pages to see files uploaded by specific users
 - Ability to easily find content by User or by Album
 - Zero loss in quality of uploaded files

![](./img/screenshot_index.png) 
> Screenshot of Home/Upload page


Installation
============
1. Install MongoDB (version `4.0+`)
2. Install NodeJS (version `10+`)
3. Clone the repository with: git clone `https://github.com/cmd430/stash.red.git`
4. Install dependencies `npm install --only=prod`
5. Start the server with `node server` or `npm run server`

### **Notes** 
 -  `mongod` will be automatically started as a child process
 - special directories will be created if missing
 - many settings can be changed in the `config.js` file

Documentation
============
 - TODO

Commit message:

change to use account system rather than auth key

docs/README.md, after:

# ![](./img/logo.png)

![Dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/david/cmd430/stash.red.svg)
![GPL Licence](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/gpl/gpl.png?v=103)

stash.red is a Small footprint File host (Specificly for Image/Video and Audio files) It contains:
 - Account creation with hased passwords
 - Private uploads (hidden unless you have the link)
 - Simple Album and Single file support
 - User pages to see files uploaded by specific users
 - Ability to easily find content by User or by Album
 - Zero loss in quality of uploaded files

![](./img/screenshot_index.png) 
> Screenshot of Home/Upload page


Installation
============
1. Install MongoDB (version `4.0+`)
2. Install NodeJS (version `10+`)
3. Clone the repository with: git clone `https://github.com/cmd430/stash.red.git`
4. Install dependencies `npm install --only=prod`
5. Start the server with `node server` or `npm run server`

### **Notes** 
 -  `mongod` will be automatically started as a child process
 - special directories will be created if missing
 - many settings can be changed in the `config.js` file

Documentation
============
 - TODO
